in reality life is fun great fun here in
the spiritual realms there is always an
air of playfulness as we attend to the
work in hand of course work here is not
in the remotest sense like work on earth
where most of you struggle to manage
your financial obligations and feed and
shelter your loved ones frequently doing
work that you positively dislike what we
call work is our vocation are calling
our brief an occupation to which we are
perfectly suited and which stimulates us
excites us fascinates us and entrances
us it is following our bliss and we are
constantly enthusiastically engaged with
it because of that needless to say it is
endlessly creative and uplifting when
you awaken you will take your places
beside us already reserved for you since
the moment of your creation engaging
actively and harmoniously with us in
this which is in effect an ongoing
sublime symphony in praise of love life
sentients consciousness oneness the
source of all that exists our Father God
words are truly utterly inadequate forms
of symbolism with which to describe or
even try to paint mental pictures that
attempt to express what we do here in
reality even the word do in this context
is quite meaningless when you awaken
then you will understand the
difficulties that we have in
communicating meaningfully with you
while you remain unawakened and totally
reliant on symbols to provide you with
information and knowledge the
environment in which you are presently
experiencing life seems vast and complex
to you especially when you take into
account the universe which envelopes
your home planet the galaxy that unfolds
it and your own lack of magnitude
however compared to God's divine reality
in which all that exists is contained it
is as nothing your awakening is to be an
amazing event of enormous significance
it is an event towards which you have
been making your way for ian's as you
played with the concept of linear time
and that concept is now unraveling to
live timelessly will delight you no
deadlines no anxious waiting periods no
missed opportunities life unfolding for
you all at once and actively encouraging
your participation now and forever it
has to be experienced to be understood
and the joy of that experience awaits
you many many timelines in your earthly
scenario are now merging and coming
together in a way that is presently
wholly inconceivable to you in a sense
each one of you each individual human
being has his or her own personal
timeline which folds and wrinkles
swerves and curves as you make decisions
and choices that interact within alter
the direction in which your Life Path is
taking you moment to moment because you
are each seemingly locked to your own
individual paths doctor scientist artist
student soldier mother father etc it is
very difficult for you to grasp any real
sense of another's
it is a bit like eating ice cream or
swimming you see others doing it you
know what it feels like for you but your
individual experiences are just that
yours individual separate different as
these timelines merge this will all
change and you will start to experience
the meaning of oneness this merging and
melding of timelines will continue until
there is only one and then that too will
dissolve disintegrate disappear leaving
only one pneus creation God but no one
will be lost because all sentient life
is eternal immortal fully integrated
into the divine energy field what you
see an experience as separate and
individual is illusory all is
interconnected permanently it is just
that you're very limited perception
hides this from you every one of you
knows someone whom you see is fixed
inflexible attached to an unreal belief
that he thinks defines him while it is
apparent to others that he is living in
his own illusory world unaware by choice
or ignorance of the unreality of his
belief of his situation of how he
presents himself to the world and
convinced that all those around him are
odd wrong even insane well in truth you
have all to a greater or lesser extent
enclosed yourselves and limited in
exclusive environments your churches
your clubs your political affiliations
your workplaces your ethnicities even
your families when you awaken those
self-imposed limits those boundaries
those inflexible and self-evident
beliefs will fall away and you will see
with new eyes hear with new ears sense
with new senses you will recognize
yourselves as one and your joy will be
infinite your loving brother Jesus